=head1 NAME

Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Parser - Parsing Media Queries

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Parser;
  my $s = Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Parser->new;
  $parsed = $s->parse_char_string_as_mq_list ($string)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Parser> object can be used to parse a
list of media queries or a media query, used in CSS, HTML, and other
languages.

=head1 METHODS

Following methods are available:

=over 4

=item $parser = Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Parser->new

Return a new instance of the parser.

=item $code = $parser->onerror

=item $parser->onerror ($code)

Return or specify the code reference to which any errors and warnings
during the parsing is reported.

XXX

=item $mr = $parser->media_resolver

=item $parser->media_resolver ($mr)

Return or specify the L<Web::CSS::MediaResolver> object for parsing.

=item $parsed = $parser->parse_char_string_as_mq ($string)

Parse the specified character string as a media query.  If the string
represents a media query, the parsed representation of the query is
returned.  Otherwise, C<undef> is returned.

In most cases, you don't want to call this method.  Instead, use the
C<parse_char_string_as_mq_list> method.

=item $parsed = $parser->parse_char_string_as_mq_list ($string)

Parse the specified character string as a list of media queries.  The
parsed representation of the queries is returned.  (Any strung can be
interpreted as a list of media queries, whether valid or not.)

=back

=head1 DATA STRUCTURES

XXX

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item MQ

Media Queries <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/mediaqueries/>.

=item CSSOM

CSSOM <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/cssom/#media-queries>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Serializer>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2008-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
