=head1 NAME

Web::CSS::Builder - A CSS tree structure builder

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::CSS::Builder> class, which is a subclass of the
L<Web::CSS::Tokenizer>, parses text in the CSS-based syntax and
construct tree data structure, which then can be used as input to the
rule grammer aware parsing stage (e.g. L<Web::CSS::Parser>).

This module is intended to be used by a CSS-based language parser as
its base class.  It does not intended for applications directly
invoking methods or accessing data structure of the module.

=head1 CONSTANTS

By C<use>ing the module, a number of construct type constants, as well
as token type constants of L<Web::CSS::Tokenizer>, are exported to
your package.

=head1 DATA STRUCTURES

See the comment in the module for the data structure of constructs
emitted by the module's methods, and the comment in
L<Web::CSS::Tokenizer> module for the data structure of tokens.

Constructs emitted by the module also have C<line> and C<column>
fields.  Any other field should not be directly accessed by the
application.  See L<Web::CSS::Tokenizer> documentation for more
information.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

CSS Syntax <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-syntax/>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::CSS::Tokenizer>.

L<Web::CSS::Parser>, L<Web::CSS::Selectors::Parser>,
L<Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Parser>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
