=head1 NAME

Web::CSS::Context - Providing context for CSS processing

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::CSS::Context> object provides context for parsing and
processing of CSS, Selectors, and/or Media Queries.

When a context object is expected, you can use the
L<Web::CSS::Context> object or an instance of subclass of
L<Web::CSS::Context>.

=head1 METHODS

The L<Web::CSS::Context> object has following methods:

=head2 Constructors

=over 4

=item $ctx = Web::CSS::Context->new_empty

Create a new empty context object, with no namespaces.

=item $ctx = Web::CSS::Context->new_from_nscallback ($callback)

Create a new context object with a callback function for namespace
resolution.  The argument must be a code reference or the C<undef>
value.  If it is a code reference, when invoked with the namespace
prefix argument, it must return the corresponding namespace URL.
Instead of the namespace prefix, the C<undef> value representing the
default namespace might be specified.  The code may return the empty
string, representing the null namespace, or the C<undef> value,
representing the lack of the namespace binding.  If the callback
throws an exception, it is propagated to the callee of the method
which invoked the code.

=item $ctx = Web::CSS::Context->new_from_nsmaps ($p2u, $u2p)

Create a new context object with two mapping tables, represented as
hash references.

The first mapping table is used to lookup namespace URL from the
namespace prefix.  The default namespace is represented by the empty
string.  The value can be the empty string, representing the null
namespace, or the C<undef> value, representing the lack of the
namespace binding.

The second mapping table is used to lookup namespace prefix from the
namespace URL.  The null namespace is represented by the empty string.
The value can be the empty string, representing the default namespace,
or the C<undef> value, representing the lack of the namespace binding.

=back

=head2 URL methods

=over 4

=item $url = $context->url

=item $context->url ($url)

Return or specify the URL in which the style sheet, selectors, or
media queries is contained.

=item $scalarref = $context->urlref

Return the reference to the URL.

=item $url = $context->base_url

=item $context->base_url ($url)

Return or specify the base URL for the style sheet.

=item $scalarref = $context->base_urlref

Return the reference to the base URL.

=back

=head2 Namespace methods

=over 4

=item $boolean = $ctx->has_namespace

Return whether there is any namespace binding or not.

=item $prefix = $ctx->get_prefix_by_url ($url)

Return the namespace prefix associated with the specified namespace
URL.  The namespace URL can be the empty string, representing the null
namespace.  If the result is the empty string, it represents the
default namespace.  If the result is the C<undef> value, there is no
namespace prefix (or the default namespace) associated with the URL.

=item $url = $ctx->get_url_by_prefix ($url)

Return the namespace URL associated with the specified namespace
prefix.  The namespace prefix can be the empty string, representing
the default namespace.  If the result is the empty string, it
represents the null namespace.  If the result is the C<undef> value,
there is no namespace URL (even the null namespace) associated with
the prefix.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2007-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
