=head1 NAME

Web::CSS::MediaResolver - Default for media-dependent CSS processing

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::CSS::MediaResolver> class can be used as an implementation
of the media-dependent CSS and/or Media Queries processing adaptor for
the C<Web::CSS> modules.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $mr = Web::CSS::MediaResolver->new

Create a new instance of the media resolver.

=item $mr->set_supported (%args)

Set the "supported" flag to true value.

=over 4

=item all => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known constructs.

=item all_functions => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known CSS functional notations.

=item all_props => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known CSS properties.

=item all_prop_values => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known CSS property values.

=item all_pseudo_classes => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known pseudo-classes.

=item all_pseudo_elements => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known pseudo-elements.

=item all_media_features => 1

Set the "supported" flag of all known media features.

=back

=head1 REQUIRED FEATURES

The media resolver enables the CSS implementation build on top of the
parser to control whether features are supported or not.  However,
features listed in this section cannot be disabled by the media
resolver so that they must be supported.

Selectors: Type, universal, attribute, class, and ID selectors.
Descendant and child selectors.  Direct or indirect adjacent
selectors.

Media queries: Media types.

At-rules: '@charset', '@namespace' (Handled by the parser).
'@import', '@media'.

Style rules: '!important'.  'inherit', 'initial', 'unset'.

Units: Relative and absolute length units.  Angle units.  Resolution
units.  Time units.  Frequency units.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::CSS::Parser>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2007-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
