=head1 NAME

Web::CSS::Tokenizer - A CSS tokenizer

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Web::CSS::Tokenizer> module provides a CSS syntax tokenizer.  It
can be used to tokenize strings written in languages using the CSS
syntax, including CSS, Selectors, and Media Queries.

This module is intended to be used by a CSS-based language parser as
its base class.  It does not intended for applications directly
invoking methods or accessing data structure of the module.

=head1 CONSTANTS

By C<use>ing the module, a number of token type constants are exported
to your package.

=head1 DATA STRUCTURES

See the comment in the module for the data structure of tokens emitted
by the module's methods.

Applications should not try to directly access to the data contained
in the token, except for two fields below:

The field C<< $token->{line} >> contains the line number of the first
character of the token.

The field C<< $token->{column} >> contains the column number of the
first character of the token.  It can be zero if the first character
is the newline character between the current line and the previous
line.  The column number of the "end-of-file" pseudo-character is
greater than the column number of the last character in the last line.

=head1 METHOD

The C<< Web::CSS::Tokenizer->serialize_token >> method is the only
public method directly exposed by the module.  The method can be used
to serialize the token as a character string for the purpose of
debugging or error reporting.  It must not be used to generate
original or canonical representation of the token.  The string
returned by the method might or might not be reparsable.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

CSS Syntax <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-syntax/>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::CSS::Builder>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2007-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
