=head1 NAME

Web::CSS::Values - CSS value definitions

=head1 DESCRIPTION

XXX

=head1 REQUIRES FEATURES

XXX

If a supported property only accepts <integer>, <number>, <length>,
and/or <percentage>, any possible value MUST be supported.  If a
supported property only accepts the only keyword which is the initial
value of the property, as well as <integer>, <number>, <length>,
and/or <percentage>, any possible value MUST be supported.

If a supported property only accepts a keyword from the limited set,
supported values MUST be flagged by:

  $resolver->{prop_value}->{$prop_name}->{$value} = 1

... where $prop_name is CSS property name in lowercase and $value is
the supported keyword.  The initial value of the property MUST be
supported.

=head2 <color>

If <color> is supported, it MUST support RGB colors (internally
represented as 'RGBA' values with alpha 0) and CSS 2.1 system colors.

=over 4

=item $resolver->{prop_value}->{color}->{transparent} == 1

Transparent colors (internally represented as 'RGBA' values with alpha
1) MUST be supported.

=item $resolver->{function}->{rgba} == 1

Any RGBA color MUST be supported.

=item $resolver->{prop_value}->{color}->{flavor} == 1

The 'flavor' keyword MUST be supported.

=back

=head2 <'outline-color'>

=over 4

=item $resolver->{prop_value}->{'outline-color'}->{invert} == 1

The 'invert' and '-manakai-invert-or-currentcolor' keywords MUST be
supported.

=back

=head1 SPECIFICATIONS

=over 4

=item CSSVALUES

CSS Values and Units <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-values/>.

The parser MUST convert non-keyword <color> values to the |rgba()|
functional notation.

The parser MUST interpret <length> value '0' as '0px'.

The number of <resolution> must be positive.

=item CSSSYNTAX

CSS Syntax <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-syntax/#integer>.

=item QUIRKS

Quirks Mode <http://quirks.spec.whatwg.org/>.

=item MQ

Media Queries <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/mediaqueries/#values>.

=item CSSCOLOR

CSS Color <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-color/#colorunits>.

Color keywords MUST be compared ASCII case-insensitively.

The parser MUST replace functions '-moz-rgba()' and '-moz-hsla()' by
'rgba()' and 'hsla()', respectively.  The parser MUST replace
functions 'hsl()' and 'hsla()' by equivalent 'rgb()' or 'rgba()'
value.  The parser must clamp the <alphavalue> component in 'rgba()'
function, if necessary.  If the <alphavalue> component of 'rgba()'
function is equal to 1, it MUST be replaced by equivalent 'rgb()'
function.  Then, the parser MAY ignore 'rgba()' function if its
<alphavalue> is not supported.

=item CSSUI

CSS Basic User Interface <http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css-ui/>.

=item MANAKAICSS

manakai CSS Extensions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/~wakaba/wiki/sw/n/manakai%20CSS%20Extensions>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Web::CSS::Props>, L<Web::CSS::MediaQueries::Features>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2007-2013 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
